hey everybody welcome back this is HD
and i'm making this video because i need
a third spoiler game because I promised
that I would start making spoiler games
for this tournament and if you guys
don't know what this is for basically if
you guys if you guys know a series is
the best of three and then you guys only
see two games and you already watched
the first game then you know obviously
the second game means that the winner of
the first game what the entire series so
just a basic little summary of why I'm
doing this and unfortunately i don't
have my good friend pain user he was is
not in the neighborhood today so i will
have to be casting this this by myself
and i decided let's go ahead and keep
doing what i'm doing let's go ahead and
continue with the cheeses um obviously i
don't always have to you know make a
game I could I could do it song or sing
a dance or sing a song do it answer you
know play some counterstrike whatever
but I figured since since i was in the
starcraft mood i thought i'd try a
Terran cheese out that I've been wanting
to do for a for quite a while and I
haven't really been able to do it yet so
here we are my opponent is gonna be am
samand he is a Protoss player and I'm
just asking him you know how's the
weather out there in New York apparently
he is from the east coast shoutout to
all the people out there from from New
York or watching and from the east coast
I might be moving to the east coast in
the near future so you guys might see a
little asian nerd walking around I'm
actually kind of fat you guys might see
a fat asian guy walking around and if
you do and you know he's HD or he's just
a another Asian out there in the world
of the east coast but yeah somebody
messaging me horse schlong know what
that's about but I'm just saying that I
got cheese last game which is entirely
fictional I haven't even played a
starcraft game today this is my first
one and I I do hate cheezer's but not
when I'm the one cheesing so we'll see
how this strategy works out by the way
if you guys have been watching this
entire time you guys when we wondering
what the heck do I have cooked up and my
strategy today is going to be a proxy
for basically what a proxy Thor is you
just get a factory down right outside
your opponent's base and you build a
Thor it's it's pretty much that simple
you know proxy gave
Stargate broth or so it works I've seen
it work few times before good players
can can use it and it works mostly
against protoss I've never seen it work
against a zerg or another Terran but it
works really well against protoss the
reason for that is because the thor is
can crush force fields yeah you guys
didn't know that it's actually an
ability that the Thor has that doesn't
really get seen too often but Thor's and
Colossus can actually crush for students
if they walk over them so if your
opponent is doing three gate Expo or
well pretty much three good Expo if he's
doing an expo and he's got those force
fields out to block the ramp you could
just walk your Thor up there and crush
the ramp pretty quickly so that's the
basic gist behind this strategy and on
top of that it's kind of cool to see
your opponent's reaction when he sees
the Thor outside his base but I am a
little bit late right now is supposed to
get my factory down as soon as I got 100
gas unfortunately i forgot to scout my
opponents so finally I've scouted all
the corners and I realize okay process
of elimination my opponent can only be
at the top twelve o'clock position so
I'm gonna get my my factory right there
which isn't the best place for a factory
you kind of want to build it where your
opponent won't see it and unfortunately
my opponent just moved a couple stalkers
with the I know if you guys caught that
little glimpse but a stalker did walk
past the factory and I was like oh crap
maybe I should have put it down a little
bit more to decide so we'll see what
happens hopefully he didn't see the
factory I don't know what has a greater
vision of factory or a stalker but yeah
I know a stalker is coming for me so I'm
gonna just make sure I don't get I don't
die to an early rush of units and my
factory is now on the way a little bit
of a little skirmish right here at the
front of my ramp and the basic gist
years don't let the stalker inside your
base you really want to pick off the
stalker because right now if it Scouts
my main and it sees absolutely no
buildings he's going to know something
fishy is up something really wonky is
going on that's assuming he hasn't seen
my factory the proxy factory yet so i am
gonna finally get rid of that pesky
stalker with with my handful Marines a
note I do have a reactor core at my main
and the reason for this reactor core my
barracks is basically what supplementing
the Thor is going to be a ton of Marines
the reactor barracks and also I'm going
to pull a lot of SUVs as well SUV is
namely to repair the Thor and just for
more garbage units kind of fodder units
to protect the door and so my opponent
finally sees okay he does have a factory
by that time I mean I don't know what
his reaction was right now hopefully he
was panicking but it was actually a this
is actually a big problem for me because
since he's seen this he can actually
snipe my buildings and my Thor's just
now starting to build as you guys can
see Thor is on the way still very
delayed my bunker gets destroyed so
unfortunately wasn't even get a bunker
up in time and I realized okay what I
need to do here is just fall back I need
to pull the SUV's now because my Thoris
in production but I need to fall back
and basically let the factory tank some
damage and just let it buy time while I
wait for my STDs to come so I was hoping
my opponent wouldn't would be smart and
or would be dumb and not hit my factory
person thankfully he went for their tech
lab which doesn't really make a
difference because the door is already
on the way and here we go my Marines and
my STDs are coming out from the back and
this is pretty much an all-in committed
cheese because obviously if I lose all
my etsy bees it's pretty much Gigi my
Thor comes out and it comes out the
other side of the factory and I was
trying to get it to engage the stalkers
but it was having a little bit of
movement issue here but my SUVs and all
my Marines are here my opponent wisely
focused on with my first miles tell me
he's gonna pair go repair the Thor but
unfortunately the tour gets taken out by
focus firing from the stoppers and no in
this situation there is no there is no
you know come back and there's no like
rebuild and reem acra you're all in and
if you're gonna just go for the gold
here and so I've thrusted all my suvs
and all my Marines up the ramp hope for
the best my opponent even pulling some
probes off the line but pretty much
realize at this point that the bleak
situation once my 4 went down had just
gone even bleaker and I doesn't look
like I'm gonna be able to take this game
away so unfortunately that is a cheese
fail and I think we can all on tribute
that to the fact that pain user was not
here casting and coaching me so my
opponent says don't thank you you don't
seem to be kidding and so
I'm just going to give them some well
wishes and to all you people out there
in New York hope you're enjoying your
day great weather and yeah that's it i
hope you guys enjoyed this this is
obviously a spoiler free video and
basically to help you guys not spoil the
results of sin vs noni and after this
going to be the semi-finals of the issue
world tournament coming up I think
there's one more game from the IPO that
I need to upload as well so i'll be
doing that and yeah thanks it that's it
HD signing up